The Project Gutenberg eBook, The Gipsy Fortune Teller, by W. Parker


This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions 
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at 
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.




Title: The Gipsy Fortune Teller


Author: W. Parker



Release Date: January 2, 2017  [eBook #53870]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8


***START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE GIPSY FORTUNE TELLER***


Transcribed from the [1860?] T. Goode edition by David Price, email
ccx074@pglaf.org

                        [Picture: Pamphlet cover]





                                   THE
                                  GIPSY
                                 FORTUNE
                                  TELLER


            [Picture: Picture of Gipsy woman telling fortune]

                                CONTAINING
                  JUDGMENT FOR THE 29 DAYS OF THE MOON,
                       THE SIGNIFICATION OF MOLES,
                                   AND
                   THE ART OF TELLING FORTUNES BY DICE,
                            DOMINOES, &c., &c.

                                * * * * *

                                 LONDON:
              PUBLISHED BY T. GOODE.  “LION” PRINTING WORKS,
                            CLERKENWELL GREEN.

                                * * * * *




JUDGEMENTS
FOR THE
29 DAYS OF THE MOON.


                  By W. PARKER, Professor of Astrology.

1st.—A child born on this day, will not live to any great age, is likely
to have many excellent friends, and will do well in business, have much
money and property, of a very hasty temper, liable to fevers, falls,
hurts, bruises, harm by horses, &c.  The most successful years for gain
and good fortune, are their 19th, 24th, 27th, 35th, 38th, and 42nd; will
marry at 19, or 22 years of age.  This day is good to send messages,
write letters, apply to surgeons, take medicine, travel, or open shops,
favourable to sell, but not to buy, aged people may favour you on this
day.

2nd.—A child born on this day, will be fortunate, and gain much by their
own perseverance, they will have few enemies, and may gain by deaths; of
good temper, and obliging disposition, and will enjoy tolerable good
health throughout life.  The most successful years, for gain and good
fortune, rises in life, &c. are the 17th, 21st, 25th, 29th, 34th, 41st,
53rd, and 62nd.  Will Marry in the 20th, or 23rd, year of age, and gain
many friends by marriage.  This day is good to buy, or sell, to let
houses and land, favourable for gardening, to purchase new clothes, apply
to females, collect debts, &c.

3rd.—If born on this day, will be very liable to hardships up to the 21st
birthday, after that period, will have more success, and better friends,
may be rather public, and remove or travel in their business, or calling;
moderate good health, liable to have imprisonment.  The most successful
time for gain, and prosperity, commences after 38 years of age, will
marry in the 21st or 25th year of age.  This day is good to take
medicine, and to deal with Ironmongers, Jewellers, Booksellers, and those
who sell ladies wearing apparel, good to marry, and send letters to
either sex, commence law suits, &c.

4th.—If born on this day, will possess an uncommon share of wisdom, and
learning, may travel to distant countries, and gain thereby, have the
management of other peoples affairs, of an agreeable temper, and
disposition, moderate good health, subject to losses of money, in
contentions, Law suits, &c.  The most fortunate years for gain and
prosperity, are the 23rd, 28th, 33rd, 42nd, 49th, 55th and 59th, will
marry in the 19th or 22nd year of age.  This day is good to go journeys,
visit friends, and apply to haberdashers, have parties, and favourable to
take medicine, or visit physicians.

5th.—If born on this day, will meet with many crosses and disappointments
in early life, until the 23rd year is gone by, may have many favors from
strangers, and will have money in the funds, and freehold property left
them, tolerable good health, of a wavering temper.  The fortunate part of
life begins after 34 years of age, will marry either in the 20th or 22nd
year.  This day is good to buy or sell, deal with females, begin any new
work, apply to elderly people, good for gardening and to visit any
exhibitions.

6th.—If born on this day, will have many excellent and superior friends,
rather high in life, and the person will be in a very extensive line of
trade, and is likely to have many unexpected benefits through females, of
an even temper, and will enjoy good health generally.  The most
successful years for gain, rises in life &c., are the 21st, 24th, 29th,
33rd, 38th, 45th, will be exceedingly lucky in marriage, which will take
place, either in the 21st or 22nd year of their age.  This day is good to
apply to the great, to ask favors, also to deal with any fancy business,
or articles worn by females, or children, it is good to open or let
shops, and to begin any thing which they would have to last long, make
wills, &c.

7th.—If born on this day, is liable to many crosses, and perplexity
through relatives and near persons, in your various affairs, until 26
years are past, will be their own enemy at times, may have sudden helps
and assistance from strangers, very seldom keep much money, or have
property, very strange in temper, rather impatient, moderate good health.
The most favourable years for money, rises, &c., are the 22nd, 26th,
31st, 39th, 43rd, 50th, and 57th, will marry in the 21st or 24th year of
age, and get money by marriage.  This day is good for any one to buy or
sell, take medicine, go to surgeons, deal with booksellers, lawyers, ask
favors of aged people, visit relatives, collect debts, &c.

8th.—If born on this day, will in general enjoy a tolerable good share of
happiness, have money or property from some death, aged people will
favour you at times, far beyond expectation, will prosper in most
affairs, and of pretty good temper, may enjoy good health, and will
overcome enemies generally.  The most successful years of gain and
prosperity, are their 20th, 27th, 34th, 39th, 44th, 49th, 55th, 61st, and
64th, will marry near 19 or in the 22nd year of age.  This day is good to
begin any new undertaking, send letters to either sex, marry, apply to
jewellers, or purchase new clothes, sell on this day land or houses,
attend markets, and visit exhibitions, and old people.

9th.—If born on this day, the signs imply many benefits, by the favours
and friendships of the wealthy, will live often in great esteem and much
respected in society, will do exceedingly well in business, and managing
other affairs, of an easy temper, and will have good health.  The most
prosperous years of gain and rises in life, are the 24th, 29th, 36th,
42nd, 53rd, and 56th, will marry in the 20th or 23rd year of age, and
gain many friends by marriage.  This day is good for any kind of
business, buy or sell, take medicine, purchase houses or land, attend to
gardens, visit relatives, have parties, &c.

10th.—If born on this day, the signs foreshow many crosses and
oppositions in their affairs, until the age of 24 years is gone by, much
success in liquids and drinks, and may have to do with a brewhouse,
tavern, and such like, will travel across the sea, and see many different
places, of a wavering temper and disposition, uncertain health.  The best
time, for money, rises in life, &c., are in the 21st, 24th, 31st, 37th,
44th, 47th, 53rd, 61st, and 64th years; will marry in the 24th or 27th
year.  This day is good to go journies, marry, send letters to either
sex, ask favors, apply to those in years, deal with haberdashers, and buy
wearing apparel, or any things worn by children, begin new works, buy old
books, &c.

11th.—If born on this day, will be in a very extensive line of trade or
hold a high situation in life, many friends, much money or property
towards the middle age, success at times in many things beyond
expectations, amiable temper, generous even to their enemies, will enjoy
good health, mostly marry near 21 or at 23 years of age.  The most
prosperous years for gain, rises, money &c. are in the 33rd, 37th, 41st,
49th, 53rd, 57th, 64th, 66th.  This day is good for any one to open
shops, to apply to clergymen, bankers, jewellers, ironmongers, cabinet
makers, merchants, also buy or sell, attend to gardens, land, build or
begin any thing that you wish to endure a long time.

12th.—If born on this day, will have to encounter many difficulties, at
the commencement of life, after 26 years will begin to improve, have more
money, friends, sudden helps and assistance, liable to male enemies very
often, somewhat hasty in temper, may waste money many times in
speculations, business, seldom save to any amount, favoured at times by
elderly people, good health generally.  The most fortunate years for
money, rises in life, &c., are in the 20th, 27th, 34th, 39th, 42nd, 47th,
53rd, 59th, 64th, and 66th.  Will marry near 21 or in the 23rd, year of
age, fortunate in marriage:—This day is not very favourable to buy, sell
or let houses, furniture may be purchased, write letters, marry, go
journies, visit relatives.

13th.—If born on this day, is fated to rise above the ordinary station of
their birth have money and property, by their own industry, well spoken
of by most persons, do much good in their lifetime for other people, will
have but few enemies, good temper and disposition, long lived,
healthy.—The years for gain, money, rises, property &c., are in the 20th,
23rd, 26th, 32nd, 38th, 44th, 49th, 53rd, 62nd, 66th, and 68th:—Will be
very fortunate in marriage, which will take place either at 19, or in the
22nd, year of age.—This day is rather evil to buy, take medicine, go to
Physicians, visit friends, persevere in most things belonging to the
field or garden, attend markets &c.

14th.—If born on this day, will thrive, live comfortably and happily,
gain by deaths, and have many superior friends, will be much respected by
great people, and have many benefits by strangers, subject to accidents,
bruises, falls, blows &c., tolerable good health.—The best years for any
great success, rises, or prosperity are in the 19th, 23rd, 27th, 33rd,
39th, 42nd, 51st, 57th & 59th.  Will marry in the 19th or 24th year of
age.  This day is good for all things, to buy or sell, to travel, to
purchase houses or land, marry, send letters to either sex, collect
debts, &c.

15th.—If born on this day, will waste much money in law suits,
contenteons, Quarrels, but will very often, beat their adversaries, will
hold a public situation, business, or calling, and will have a very
active life, hasty in temper, and forgiving to their enemies, seldom
possess money to any amount, moderate good health.  The best years for
gain and prosperity, are the 25th, 28th, 34th, 39th, 44th, and 52nd.—Will
marry in the 23rd, or 27th year.—This day is good for any one to open
shops, buy or sell, attend markets, deal with old people, attend to the
garden, or land, marry, send letters, purchase new cloths, visit lawyers,
booksellers, and those connected with offices, or who hold government
situations.

16th.—If born on this day, will enjoy much happiness, have a good estate,
and many friends, of a very ingenious turn of mind, fond of music,
Poetry, Painting, will live in great esteem, and be much liked by
strangers, may have the care of other persons affairs, will in general
enjoy good health.—The most fortunate years for money, property, and such
like, are in the 23rd, 27th, 33rd, 41st, and 48th.—Will marry about the
22nd or in the 25th year of age, and gain thereby.—This day will be
favourable to begin any new work, take medicine, or go to surgeons, visit
relatives, marry, write letters, ask favours, deal with haberdashers,
merchants, and Foreigners.

17th.—If born on this day, will meet with many interruptions in their
various affairs, in the early part of life, until 22 years is gone by,
have property or money from some death, liable to be imprisoned through
pretended friends, changeable in temper, indifferent health.  The most
successful part of life, is from 31 to 43 years of age, will marry near
20 or in the 23rd year of age.—This day is not good to boy, attend to
cattle, the garden and land, avoid signing, or being security, very evil
to buy houses or land, unfavourable to ask favours, or to do most things.

18th.—If born on this day, will be in the beginning of life have much
assistance from relatives and is likely to become worth much money, many
female friends, and unexpected benefits from strangers, fond of doing
good to others, of an even temper, and tolerable good health.—The
successful years for rises, money, property &c. are in the 23rd, 27th,
33rd, 39th, 45th, and 54th.—Will marry either near 21, or in the 23rd
year of age.—This day is good to buy or attend the markets, take
medicine, or go to physicians, ask favours, deal with haberdashers, or
purchase any fancy articles worn by females, collect debts, marry, write,
or send letters, consult lawyers, begin any new business or work,
speculate.

19th.—If born on this day is fated to rise above their station of birth,
to have great success, and will have many friends, may be very fortunate
in business, and among the fair sex, very active and persevering, of good
temper, and long lived.  The greatest years for gain and rises of money,
are the 24th, 29th, 35th, 41st, 49th, 54th, and 61st.—Will marry at 22,
or in the 24th year of age.—This day is fortunate for most things, visit
old people, go journies, have parties, marry, deal with merchants, buy or
sell, ask favours, apply to clergymen, and commence anything that you
would have cast in your favor, make wills or write.

20th.—If born on this day is likely to much chance in early life, after
23rd year is gone by, you will begin to do far better, have money,
friends, sudden helps and assistance, at times their own enemy, seldom
possess much money, persevering and of hasty temper.—The successful years
for most money, rises, &c., are the 25th, 29th, 34th, 38th, 43rd, 49th,
53rd, and 57th.—Will marry either at 20 or in the 22nd year of age.—This
day is good to take medicine or go to surgeons, buy or sell, attend
markets, go journies, ask favours, marry, purchase houses, shops, or
land, apply to clergymen, merchants, lawyers, &c.

21st.—If born on this day will rise above the ordinary station of their
birth, and is fated to have houses or land, will be fortunate in
business, speculations, will gain the favour old people, and have some
money or property left, of hasty temper, and long lived.—The most
successful years for money, rises in life, &c., are the 22nd, 25th, 29th,
34th, 39th, 46th, 53rd, 58th, 63rd.—Will marry in the 22nd, or 24th
year.—This day is good to buy or sell, take medicine, open shops, marry,
write, or send letters, purchase any articles of clothes worn by young
people, make wills, sign agreements, go to lawyers, &c.

22nd.—If born on this day will have to encounter many difficulties till
22 years is past by, after then will have more success and friends, will
gain by the dead, and be fortunate in trade, also in managing other
persons affairs, of even temper, and tolerable good health.—The most
fortunate years for money and rises in business, &c., are the 23rd, 26th,
31st; 39th, 41st, 47th, and 53rd.—Will marry near 21, or in the 23rd year
of age.—This day is good to take physic, or go to physicians, purchase
houses, shops, or land, marry, write or send letters, visit relatives, go
journies, begin any new work, attend markets, attend parties, ask favors,
collect money, debts, &c.

23rd.—If born on this day, is liable to lose much money in law, often
changing their situation or business, seldom do much good till after 25
years of age—will have many friends of both sex, of uneven temper and
good health.—The greatest years for gain and prosperity are the 26th,
32nd, 38th, 41st, 46th, 51st, and 54th.  Will gain by marriage, which is
likely to occur either at 22, or in the 24th year.  This day is good
either to buy or sell, and to purchase furniture, also to build or repair
houses, go to old people or relatives, marry, court, ask favours, visit
thy superiors, write agreements, borrow and collect money, attend to the
garden.

24th.—If born on this day will be much respected, and gain by their own
industry and perseverance, have many excellent and superior friends, will
do much good to other people in their lifetime, ingenious and cleaver,
just, and of fixed temper and indisposition, good health generally.—The
years for most money, rises, and property are the 20th, 24th, 30th, 37th,
42nd, 49th, and 53rd.—Will marry in the 22nd, or near the 24th year of
age.—This day is not good to buy, take medicine and visit surgeons, deal
with haberdashers, milliners, and any kind of fancy trades, childrens’
dresses, open shops, commence any new business, enter situations, or
advertise places, &c.

25th.—If born on this day will in general have much to do with the
public, and have success in their calling or business, liable to many
enemies, will change and see many different places, hasty temper and
uncertain health.—The most fortunate years for gain of money, rises, &c.,
are the 23rd, 28th, 32nd, 37th, 41st, 42nd, and 54th.—Will marry in the
20th, or 23rd year of age, and gain friends by marriage.  This day is
good to attend the garden, marry, court, write letters, ask favor of
either sex, visit distant friends or aged people—take medicine, go to
lawyers or men in power, purchase at the markets, make agreements,
leases, begin any new work, collect debts, buy clothes, &c.

26th.—If born on this day will live in great esteem, and be loved by most
people, have houses or money, and have the care of other peoples affairs,
will have many friends, and rise by means of their superiors, courteous,
obliging, mild temper, and good health.—The years for money, rises,
increase of success, are the 20th, 22nd, 28th, 34th, 39th, 45th, 49th,
51st, 54th, and 59th.—Will marry in the 21st, or 24th, year of age.  This
day is good to attend to the garden—or purchase land or houses, ask
favors, visit army or navy men, but not good to buy anything, make wills
or sign papers, apply to persons who hold situations under government,
commence law suits, go to surgeons—send letters.

27th.—If born on this day will change their residence, situation, and
remove about often, seldom have much money, have few friends, will cross
the seas, go to foreign countries, hasty in temper, and good health.  The
most fortunate years for money and favourable changes are the 26th, 31st,
37th, 41st, and 44th.—Will marry either in the 20th, or the 26th year of
age.—This day is not altogether favourable—attend to the garden or land,
but begin nothing of great importance, buy not, this day is evil in most
things.

28th.—If born on this day will meet with many interruptions in their
various affairs, till the 23rd birthday is gone past, more success then,
and commence in business, or enter a situation, more money, friends, and
unexpected benefits from relatives and strangers, will gain by elderly
people, changeable in temper, and moderate good health.—The most
prosperous years for money, and rises of a beneficial character, are the
24th, 27th, 32nd, 43rd, 49th, and 54th.—Will marry in the 21st, or 23rd
year of age, and have an increase of friends and assistance.—This day is
good to buy or sell things, and to ask favors, marry, court, send and
write letters, go to physicians, take physic, journey, visit relatives,
and commence what thou would have end in thy favor.

29th.—If born on this day will have many friends, and much success in
their calling, business, or sphere in life—have the management of other
peoples affairs, gain by the dead, and at times from strangers, of even
temper, and good health generally.—The most fortunate years for an
increase of money, rises in life, are the 21st, 25th, 29th, 34th, 39th,
41st, 47th, and 53rd.—Will marry either in the 21st, or 22nd year of
age.—This day is bad to buy, or to begin any new work, take medicine, and
visit old people, be careful in any affairs on this day, it is evil in
most things.




The Signification of Moles.


A mole near either elbows, shows the person to be of an unsteady
disposition; to whom much discontent will fall in a marriage state, no
great prosperity, but disagreeable accidents; marriage with a person will
make you very unhappy and children whose misconduct will give you much
trouble.

A mole on the front of the left arm, between the bend of the elbow and
the shoulder, shows great fortitude, resolution, industry and fondness of
learning; but that your partner in the marriage state, will be very
unfaithful, and yeild to every new face; not very prosperous, but much
under the control of your partner.

A mole on the cheek shows an industrious and ingenious disposition; given
to be rather grave, but addicted to the pleasure, of love; and moderate
success in life.

A mole near the side of the chin shows an amiable disposition,
industrious, ingenious, and inclined to traveling; will also be very
successful in life, loving, and have many friends.

If either a man or woman have a mole on the place right against the
heart, it denotes them to be undoubtedly wicked.

If a mole be seen on a man or woman’s belly, it signifies he or she to be
a great eater and a glutton.

If a man or woman have a mole at the bottom of the belly it signifies
weakness, and to be often sick.

If a man has a mole on his knee, signifies he shall obtain a comely and
wealthy wife.

If a woman has a mole on the right knee, it signifies her to be honest
and virtuous; but if on the left, she shall have many children.

If a man has a mole athwart his nose, it denotes that he will be a great
traveller.

A mole standing on a woman’s nose, signifies that she shall travel on
foot through divers countries.

A mole on a man’s throat, signifies that he shall become rich.

If a woman has a mole on the lower jaw, it signifies she shall lead her
life in sorrow and pain of body.

A mole in the midst of the forehead, next the hair, denotes the possessor
to have a discourteous cruel mind, floating brain, dull and incapable,
and of unpleasant discourse? if it is of a honey colour, the party will
be beloved; if red, the possessor is sullen and furious; if black,
inexpert and wavering; if raised like a wort, it is very fortunate, but
if a woman, it shows her to be a slut, lazy and slothful; if it appear in
her forehead black, she is treacherous and consent to evil deeds, and the
murderer of some one.

A mole on the right side, about the middle of the forehead declares a man
to abound in goods and benefits, by the favors and friendships of great
men; he will be loaded with offices of command, and will be esteemed and
honored; the paler the colour the greater honour awaits him; if red he is
loved by the clergy; if black let him be aware that he does not incur the
resentment of great men; if watery, it increaseth his good fortune; a
woman having this, shall be unfortunate in all her actions; but if black
beware of her tongue.

A mole on the left side of the forehead, near the hair, predicts misery,
poverty, and abundance of tribulations to a man, and that by means of his
own misconduct; if it be either honey-colour or red, his sorrows are
somewhat lessened; if black, he is in danger of imprisonment, but if it
be as a wart his ill fortunes are moderated; to a woman it indicates her
to be needy and poor; but if black, she will be unfortunate and unhappy
in every undertaking.

A mole on the left side of the forehead, somewhat lower than the
fore-named, fortels to the man, contentions, quarrels, and persecutions,
chiefly by reason of women; if a honey-colour these troubles will arise
from women who are your kindred; if red, by reason of luxury; if black he
will consume his estate; if like a wart he will be martial, stout and
valiant! to a woman it generally signifieth great molestations, and
little credit: she is warned to take heed of danger arising from a
licentious, loose, and debauched carriage; of whatsoever colour it may
be, the woman shall be a loose and careless housewife, and extravagant to
an extreme.

A mole on the left side of the forehead, about the midway, threatens a
man with prisons, and persecutions from his superiors; if a honey-colour,
he prodigally and loftily wastes his estate; if red, he will become poor;
if black, let him beware of the warth or malice of great men; to a woman,
it threatens sorrow and anguish, by the perfidity of some men; and if
black, she will partake of the extreme of misery.

A mole on the left side of the forehead, a little above the temple, shows
the man to be very malignant, and of an evil disposition; if of a
honey-colour, he shall be a hatred to his friends; if black, he is in
danger of being criminated and branded for his falsehoods; if as a wart,
his fate is mitigated; to a woman, it signifies justification of
innocence, though not deserved? if black, she is blamed for malignity,
and deserve far more, as it represents every evil.

A mole appearing on the right temple, over the eye, denotes a long life,
and a good fortune; if it appears pale, or red, he is studious; to a
woman, it signifies good and happy fortunes and marriage, as she will be
of careful conduct.

A mole on the right temple, inclining towards the neck, promiseth
ingenuity, from whence riches will assuredly flow, as also long life;
honey-coloured or red, he shall rejoice in good fortune; if black, he
will be somewhat troubled in his affairs; but if as a wart, he shall
obtain the good things he wishes, or sets his hand to; to a woman it
promiseth goods, and long life; she is modest, virtuous and chaste? if it
appears black, it will be an hinderance to her good fortune.  Moles like
a wart, are in general very fortunate.

A mole on the left side, towards the upper part of the corner of the eye
signifies great and dangerous sickness; if it is honey, or red-colour,
these misfortunes will be modified, if black, a short life, by means of a
grievous fall, or suffocation by water or smoke; if as a wart, it denotes
a good end? to a woman, moderate health and many perplexities, loss of
favour and friends, perverse children and enemies, who will endeavour to
wrong her; if black, it foretels many miseries, and in all probability a
violent death.

A mole under the hollow of the right eye, by the inward part of the nose,
denotes the man to be a hasty, proud, arbitary, and furious spirit; if it
be a honey-colour, he is active and tractable; if red he is a rough-hewn
being and wranglesome; if black, seditious and stubborn; to a woman, let
the colour be what it will, it signifies her to be proud, satirical,
impertinent, conceited, a fomenter of mischief, one who will domineer
over her husband and every body else, and will ruin herself by such
means; and her misfortunes will gain no pity from others, as her conduct
is generally contemptuous.

If either man or woman have a mole on the neck, it doth promise that they
will become rich.

If in either a man or woman’s hand a mole appears, it denotes great
prosperity, and enjoyment of children.

If either a man or woman have a mole on the right breast it threatens
they shall be much armed by poverty.

A mole on the left side of the stomach denotes luxury.

A mole on the left shoulder, near the arm, denotes the person given to
quarrels, hatred and strife.

A mole on the middle of the stomach denotes dangerous desease.

A mole on the left corner of the eye, denotes the party subject to
melancholly.

A mole on the left cheek denotes poverty.

A mole on the tip of the right ear, threatens the party with drowning.

A mole on the bottom of the nostril, foretells the man or woman fortunate
or unlucky.

A mole on the left side of the belly, denotes afflictions and crosses.

A mole on the right foot, denotes the party to be endued with wisdom and
eloquence.

A mole on the groin or on the right side, denotes good fortune but on the
left the contrary.

A mole on the eye-brow, denotes speedy marriage and a good husband.

A mole on the right side of the stomach, denotes the party to suffer much
by the means of a woman.

A mole under the left arm-pit shows untimely death.

A mole on each side of the neck, opposite, threatens the person with the
loss of life.

One on the centre of the breast, with a black hair, shows the party given
to poetry.

One on the hollow of the right signifies the party to be furious.

A woman having a mole on her chin, will be a great fall back.

He that has one on the left cheeks near the chin, will be a man of
honour.




The art of Telling Fortunes by Dice.


This is a certain and innocent way of finding out common occurences about
to take place.  Take three dice, shake them well in the box with your
left hand, and then cast them out on a board or table, on which you have
previously drawn a circle with chalk.

Three—a pleasing surprise.

Four—a disagreeable one.

Five—a stranger who will prove a friend.

Six—loss of property.

Seven—undeserved scandal.

Eight—merited reproach.

Nine—a wedding.

Ten—a christening, at which some important event will occur.

Eleven—a death that concerns you.

Twelve—a letter speedily.

Thirteen—Tears and sighs.

Fourteen—beware that you are not drawn into some trouble or plot by a
secret enemy.

Fifteen—immediate prosperity and happiness.

Sixteen—a pleasant journey.

Seventeen—you will either be on the water, or have dealings with those
belonging to it, to your advantage.

Eighteen—a great profit, rise in life, or some most desireable good will
happen almost immediately; for the answers to the dice are fulfilled
within nine days.  To show the same number twice at one trial, shows news
from abroad, be the number what it may.  If the dice roll over the circle
the number thrown goes for nothing, but the occurrence shows sharp words;
and if they fall on the floor it is blows; in throwing out the dice, if
one remain on the top of the other, it is a present of which I would have
them take care.




Dominoes.


Lay them with their faces on the table, and shuffle them; then draw one
and see the number.

Double-six—receiving a handsome sum of money.

Six-five—going to a public amusement.

Six-four—law suits.

Six-three—ride in a coach.

Six-two—a present of clothing.

Six-one—you will soon perform a friendly action.

Six-blank—guard against scandal, or yon will suffer by your inattention.

Double-five—a new abode to your advantage.

Five-four—a fortunate speculation.

Five-three—a visit from a superior.

Five-two—a water party.

Five-one—a love intrigue.

Five-blank—a funeral, but not of a relation.

Double-four—drinking liquor at a distance.

Four-three—a false alarm at your house.

Four-two—beware of thieves or swindlers.  Ladies take notice of this; it
means more than it says.

Four-one—trouble from creditors.

Four-blank—receive a letter from an angry friend.

Double-three—sudden wedding, at which you will be vexed, and by which you
will lose a friend.

Three-two—buy no lottery tickets, nor enter into any game of chance, or
you will assuredly lose.

Three-one—a great discovery at hand.

Three-blank—an illegitimate child.

Double-two—you will be plagued with a jealous partner.

Two-one—you will mortgage or pledge some property very soon.

Double-one—you will soon find something to your advantage, in the street
or road.

Double-blank—the worst presage in all the set of Dominoes; you will soon
meet trouble from a quarter quite unprepared.

It is useless for persons to draw more than three dominoes at one time of
trial, or in one and the same week, as they will only deceive themselves;
shuffle the dominoes each time of choosing; to draw the same dominoe
twice, makes the answer together.




***END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE GIPSY FORTUNE TELLER***


******* This file should be named 53870-0.txt or 53870-0.zip *******


This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/5/3/8/7/53870


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org 

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary 
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

